# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Learning how to move things into the DOM from JS was a tough concept for me to grasp at first. I wasn't quite sure when I should be using .innerHTML or .innerText. I wanted to use .innertext more but it made much more sense to drop an entire chunk of HTML into the container that you would want it in. I felt like by the end of the week I was able to get through the JS portion of the projects much much easier than at the beginning. I enjoyed working with functions. It just makes a lot of sense to be able to use these little blocks of efficient code to do specific tasks and to make them as reusable as possible. I feel like im struggling with memorizing a lot of the array methods. Even though we have learned a few of them, we haven't had to actually use them very much in our projects this week. I would consider me going from really wanting to take a tutoring session to I feel like im grasping the concept I was struggling with very well as my biggest victory this week.